SJCONF-sl2d
sjconf-sj2
%%mtime

%!target : man
%!encoding : utf-8
%!postproc(man): "^(\.TH.*) 1 "  "\1 8 "

= NAME =

sjconf-sl2d - handle **sl2d**(1) configuration through **sjconf**(8)

= DESCRIPTION =

sjconf is a configuration wrapper that handles global and server specific
configuration, deployment and service restart.

The sl2d plugin allows for handling the **sl2d**(1) file.

The plugin allows one **[sl2d]** section and multiple sections of the form
**[sl2d:(source|target|push):name]**.

Section **sl2d** can hold any of the following options:

:    **push**, **main_loop_delay**, **respawn_min_delay**.
See **sl2d**(8) man page for a description of these options.


Section **sl2d:push:** needs the following options:

:    **source**, **target** = //full_section_name//
Need to match a **sl2d:source:**, respectively **sl2d:target:**, section name.
It can also refer to a **sjconf-ffserver** feed or stream section. In this case,
the URL used later on by **sl2d** will be guessed from **ffserver**
configuration.

:    **transcode** = //none// or //full_section_name//
Should the push be transcoded. //none// means no transcode at all will be
performed. If you specify a section name, it will be used as a base for
transcoding settings but parameters in the push section have priority over those defined
in the section pointed to by transcode.

:    **preset** = //none// or //preset_name//
If the push is going to be transcoded, a preset can be defined as a base onto
which transcode and push settings will have priority. The value is ignore if
**transcode** is set to //none//.

:    **binary** = //ffmpeg//
Path or name of the binary to pass to sl2d.


Section **sld2:push:** can hold optional parameters to start commands prior to
the execution of the process handling the stream or after it died. Those options
are of the form **precommand-[0-9]+** and **postcommand-[0-9]+**.


Section **sl2d:source:** and **sl2d:target:** need a **url** parameter which is
a fully qualified URL, even for local path.

= OPTIONS =

Section **sl2d:push:** and **sl2d:target:** can hold any options supported by
the **sjconf-ffserver** plugin for transcoding.

In addition it also supports the following options:
:    **format**, **flags**, **flags2**, **partitions**, **coder**, **refs**, **threads**, **video_macroblock_decision**, **video_macroblock_l_max**, **video_l_max**, **video_q_comp**, **video_q_diff**, **video_b_frames**, **video_b_strategy**, **video_i_q_factor**, **video_sc_threshold**, **video_direct_pred**, **video_me_method**, **video_me_range**, **video_cmp**, **video_sub_q**, **video_keyint_min**, **video_sync_method**, **video_trellis**, **video_crop_left**, **video_crop_right**, **video_crop_top**, **video_crop_bottom**, **audio_sync_method**, **video_copy_timestamps**
See **ffmpeg** man page.


= AUTHOR =

The sjconf sl2d plugin and this manual page have been written by the **SmartJog** company.

= SEE ALSO =

**sjconf**(8), **sjconf-ffserver**(8), **ffmpeg**(1), **sl2d**(1).

